doc: doc that proj has access to linked in (#57401)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/managing-social-media-acounts.md

Day to day management of the LinkedIn account has been
delegated to the Foundation Staff.

In addition, it has been agreed that Releasers may login
and re-post their release announcement when doing a release,
and TSC members may re-post an announcement of a release if a
releaser is not able to do it themselves. All other content should

> be managed by the Foundation staff.

Author: @Trott was there some discussion while I was away. Unless there was discussion that new posts about the release annoucement was ok versus just reposting announcements I think the suggested text changes the intended scope of what is allowed.

> be managed by the Foundation staff.

Reviewer: I didn't think there was a difference between a "re-post" and a "post" in this context, but I guess I'm wrong. I'll edit the suggestion accordingly.

> Linked in allows the addition of content admins. Releasers may

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LinkedIn allows the addition of content admins. Releasers may
```
